Fix IPv6 routing for Docker-based deployments (#1204)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: docs/docs/deploy/docker/README.mdx

specified in the `docker-compose.yml` file. This is the default used in the docker-compose.prod.yml
production template file.

## Step 4: Enable IPv6 (optional)

By default, Firezone ships with IPv6 connectivity enabled inside the tunnel but not routable
to the public internet. To enable IPv6 support in Docker-deployed Firezone, follow the steps below.

1. Enable IPv6 support within Docker by adding the following to `/etc/docker/daemon.json`:
  ```json
  {
    "ipv6": true,
    "ip6tables": true,
    "experimental": true,
    "fixed-cidr-v6": "fd00:1::/80"
  }
  ```
  This enables IPv6 NAT and configures IPv6 forwarding for Docker containers.
2. Enable router advertisements on boot for your default egress interface:
  ```
  egress=`ip route show default 0.0.0.0/0 | grep -oP '(?<=dev ).*' | cut -f1 -d' ' | tr -d '\n'`
  sudo bash -c "echo net.ipv6.conf.${egress}.accept_ra=2 >> /etc/sysctl.conf"
  ```
3. Reboot

> You should now be able to ping google from with a docker container:

Author: ```suggestion
You should now be able to ping google from within a docker container:
```

specified in the `docker-compose.yml` file. This is the default used in the docker-compose.prod.yml
production template file.

## Step 4: Enable IPv6 (optional)

By default, Firezone ships with IPv6 connectivity enabled inside the tunnel but not routable
to the public internet. To enable IPv6 support in Docker-deployed Firezone, follow the steps below.

1. Enable IPv6 support within Docker by adding the following to `/etc/docker/daemon.json`:
  ```json
  {
    "ipv6": true,
    "ip6tables": true,
    "experimental": true,
    "fixed-cidr-v6": "fd00:1::/80"
  }
  ```

>   This turns IPv6 NAT and sets up routing for Docker containers in a similar way to how Docker's

Author: ```suggestion
  This enables IPv6 NAT and configures IPv6 forwarding for Docker containers.
```

>   IPv4 functionality works.

Author: ```suggestion
```

2. Enable router advertisements on boot for your default egress interface:
  ```
  egress=`ip route show default 0.0.0.0/0 | grep -oP '(?<=dev ).*' | cut -f1 -d' ' | tr -d '\n'`
  sudo bash -c "echo net.ipv6.conf.${egress}.accept_ra=2 >> /etc/sysctl.conf"
  ```
3. Reboot

You should now be able to ping google from with a docker container:
```
docker run --rm -t busybox ping6 -c 4 google.com
```

> You shouldn't need to manually add any `iptables` rules to enable IPv6 SNAT/masquerading.

Author: ```suggestion
You shouldn't need to manually add any `iptables` rules to enable IPv6 SNAT/masquerading for tunneled traffic -- Firezone handles this for you by default on start.
```
